Replace usage of Boost parameters with CGAL named function parameters (#6642)
CGAL/cgal: Mesh_2/doc/Mesh_2/Mesh_2.txt

After 10 iterations of Lloyd optimization, they are in [29.1; 110.8]. 100 iterations take them to [29.3; 109.9].
\cgalFigureEnd

> Since \cgal 5.6, `lloyd_optimize_mesh_2()` uses \ref bgl_namedparameters to set parameters. More details are provided in  \ref FromBoostNPtoCGALNP.

Reviewer: it seems to me that "since" + "uses" (present) is not correct. I'd better be "Since 5.6, lloyd has used" or "has been using"

Reviewer 2: Let's change `Since \cgal 5.6` to `As of \cgal 5.6`, because that usage allows the present.

> Since \cgal 5.6, `lloyd_optimize_mesh_2()` uses \ref bgl_namedparameters to set parameters. More details are provided in  \ref FromBoostNPtoCGALNP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of \cgal 5.6, `lloyd_optimize_mesh_2()` uses \ref bgl_namedparameters to set parameters. More details are provided in  \ref FromBoostNPtoCGALNP.
```
